Yes , how about operating a manual transmission car today?
I will tell you
At first it is a ema this car first imp s wrx r sti version 3
It is a car about 15 years ago
Oh but in is over to how Well engine
It's about turning this key . Well, this is the same as that automa and Cherry tree children .
Though I think I wonder what
First of all
The shift lever is a shift lever
Make sure that the move to or greater than the action has entered the Nutro
Example that
Though it is one pair which is in one color now
Even if you are in one pair
Gears move, whichever company you are in
Is 3 speed but 4 colors
However, the point is received
Well this is neutral kana location also actually move much larger expect to Pattari because
There are cases, so I will tell you so please check this
later
Ask every time to check whether brake this is going up properly
Sputtering even though you and I
Even if I don't understand, I'm fine here
I can not wrap
But I Peta I come now to the heart manual Come of liver
There are three but the left is the clutch pedal
I 'll step into the depths of this storehouse tick
Now the car is a manual car is made from deer and not depressed the clutch pedal
Most of the things are already, but this car is not early
If you eat it, let's get old
It comes with
Let's step on the brakes but now
it is perfect
In this state
My name is the listening to the kindergarten
Yes
Pre-engine was able to star
It will be said
809 about 100 times a point
It was safe to take it